Update privacy policy (#684)
DFE-Digital/apply-for-postgraduate-teacher-training: app/views/content/privacy_policy.md

However, if we contacted you asking for a reference, this was in our legitimate interests (defined in data protection law) because we need references to process applications.

If you give a reference, we use your data to meet our public task (processing applications, building a better service and improving policy). To help us do this, we’ll ask for your consent (defined in data protection law) to be contacted for user research.

If you’re a candidate or a referee, we’ll also ask for your consent before using cookies to get statistics from Google Analytics.

## Who we share your data with

We need to share personal data for the purposes mentioned above.

We do so under section 132 of the Education Act 2002, together with regulation 5 of the Education (School Teachers’ Qualifications) (England) Regulations 2003.

### Sharing data with teacher training providers

We share teacher training applicant and referee data with the teacher training providers the candidate applies to.

We have a data sharing agreement with providers so they can only use your data to:

* process applications, which may include contacting candidates
* get statistics for internal use

> * get in touch with you if there's a security issue concerning your data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* get in touch with you if there’s a security issue concerning your data
```
